I invited 60 YouTubers to compete in the
world's hardest challenge and that's us
right before we won this billboard and
got to meet Mr Beast our first challenge
is Red Light Green Light have fun
oh playing
oh this one died oh he's looking at me
oh he's looking at me please
we got nine minutes we'll just hang out
no need to rush
oh this is a long wait it's so tense I'm
not moving in real life I'm barely
breathing just about to pass out green
light I'm gonna let this one run
oh far out oh it's a long one oh I could
have died just then I'm not gonna lie I
feel like I kept moving now they've come
to trust my countdowns I'm gonna tell
them I'm gonna switch the green light
but not switch it green light three two
one boom hey more someone just moved and
lived that guy's cheating bro he has God
mode I think so we got three minutes and
hardly any space left I could just trap
these people here forever I feel like
they're gonna see there's two of us and
they're gonna be like there's two twins
we only need one we got a split bro
let's see who's left we got socks for
one
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no
yeah you called it you called it no no
no I wonder if they're freaking out oh
no no no no no no he's For the Lover
Marcus
no no no no no no you don't he's looking
at us okay we're good that was scary bro
I thought he was gonna get rid of one of
us I'm gonna stop right before they get
to it
oh I might die oh oh first person's
through I think on my next one I'm gonna
make this why is Jimmy so much more
scarier than Mr Beast like I feel like
that's just a scary name I feel like we
should hit it go go I have to make it I
have to make it I have to make it oh
oh my God no two seconds one second I'm
gonna wait for the dramatic wall to come
on
come on please please please I'm too
young I'm too young open open okay I
don't know if it's gonna hit him or not
no I'm taking damage oh my God oh my God
wait that guy I think the wall just went
through him man oh man was that close
the next challenge is a giant obstacle
course the first 20 people to make it
past the lasers lavas an avalanche move
on to the next round server start
Challenge number two
let's go forward once you cross these
green things over here if you die that's
where you respawn I'm already I think
I'm first
I think I'm fast this guy is so far
ahead he's in the volcano
oh dude
show me bro they make so much progress
and then you knock them back I honestly
this is my favorite thing I've ever done
if I'm these guys I hate me right now
I'm good I'm good I'm vibing I'm vibing
no I got shocked man these boys grief
and I'm going left I think no one's gone
left
oh my God I'm going up the hill go Jesse
I've got up
just the end oh dude I genuinely can't
do anything I'm at the log part go Jesse
man it's not over it's trust me with
this it's not it's not okay I'm trusting
you lucky
dude I think he shook me off the respawn
oh my God it's not sprinting I'm at the
mountain
dude my guy is slow walking same all
right so we got stocks for one we got
player 298. I'm going right side that's
a fuss
all right we had our first finish one
out of 20.
after here we go dude it's so you can't
touch them is it matter to go hard left
like to the sides
no jump get shocked back this is toxic
I'm they're focusing me and I got ice
oh my God they need to stop shocking me
bro
no I was so close hold on hold on hold
on hold on take these logs
they're so toxic with the bows I'm dead
by the truck oh my God I just want to
let all of you know that there's only
five slots left don't forget that at
Times Square billboard is on the line if
you don't get up this hill you're not
gonna be on a Times Square billboard I
need I need a boost
[Music]
oh my God yes
please did you make it 18. oh there's
only one spot left
I'm in the top yes yes lost it's the
last spot I got it did you get the last
one I had the last spot that felt like
abuse like heavy abuse I guess all 20 of
you over here congrats you're moving on
next show now I split the remaining
players into two teams and each side has
been armed with an explosive weapon the
last team standing moves on server bring
out the two guns oh hell no oh hell no
oh God also whenever I press this button
I'm out the grenade launcher switches
hands
shut up
I'm gonna take the left
nice do you have two left one more one
more
yes
welcome to demolition derby we split you
into five teams and you have to destroy
the other cars to move on only two teams
will make it to the final round so don't
get blown up server start the derby
uh Mr Gray car over here
um I don't think we have a gun yet but
are we supposed to have guns or no yeah
it did picks him up do you want some
food on your car no please Jimmy I need
this one you don't want any gear on the
car okay obviously I feel like bouncing
is a strat because I don't think anyone
has a gun yet so yeah
one of the college thing was destroyed
we got this we got this that's nice yeah
staying high is a good Strat and then
landing on it all have we taken any
damage about the goo we've taken 300
damage but we all one of the two of the
cars are almost destroyed we're
literally almost one I went live in we
haven't taken damage for a while man
this is the best strap I think we've
been in the air longer we've been on the
ground round how's it going gray car
no that is not good leave great car
alone
we love you bro please all right wait
what did you say we love you man we need
a break yes oh okay I'm gonna mess in
the car yeah you have a good idea we
lost the tire how are we supposed to get
a tire uh I think we have to go Center
do you want to go for it oh no we're
taking damage no no we should okay yeah
I'm gonna get it I'm gonna get it I'm
gonna get it no quick quick I got it I
got it I got it destroy yep yep yep okay
nice nice
Go All That Remains is green purple and
white we only need to eliminate one more
car I'm gonna keep bouncing 100 this is
the best strap a great car no no
I told you I know you're my favorite Mr
Beast called remember that yeah okay oh
my god that actually worked I'll do that
I'll do the driving you do the you do
the sweet talk yes hey great car on the
billboard yo we wanted to put that we
love Carl and Nolan that's what we
wanted to put really did you and the
biggest writing possible do you love the
pumpkin launcher no Carl we do we know
you not the pumpkin launcher oh okay
no green blew up
and for the final challenge I flew the
four remaining contestants down and
we're doing it in real life I have no
idea you never you never saw the map no
no no because everyone else right now
was able to practice a map from Tony
yeah you guys like just went in and you
had no idea what was happening last one
remaining wins server start us off with
some lightning we nervous uh not really
oh no hey watch out for the rain
okay okay I'm in the water I I'm pretty
much dude I felt so bad for ash oh yeah
you can tell him literally off rip he
got hit by the lining and then he got
sent into the water and he was already
so weak don't do that
oh Ash get out did the bombs so we got
like a different version than the a
million dollar Tony yeah look because
he's so sad I feel bad dude the start
was so unlucky for him
and then he slowly started adding
everything and it just got more and more
confusing the lightning
oh no
did you like know what was happening
like you had like a strategy or you just
there's nothing I was just yeah I was
just winging it no
Ash flew all the way from England to
lose first Ash more like trash honestly
this is looking a little too easy can we
get those firewalls in here oh but did
he just slowly added more and more and
more which way do I look I also forgot I
can shrink the zone
I could only focus on one thing at a
time I can't even focus on one thing
should I shrink it more one more this
oh what let's make this very very hard
turn on the lightning no no no no no no
no no it's too much oh no oh no oh no
[Music]
I fell off oh they all took a ton of
damage right there hey how much health
do you have 450. I have 335. I got 730.
it sucks had so much healthier I don't
know how I brought it back he had a huge
lead onion
oh no I've been here I was about to
shrink it what was that for there's so
many things happening at once I say we
go even smaller you know what fun this
literally give me one block
oh all right this map is actually sick
yeah like this is a really cool math to
finish it up I want to give them more
space Oh I think you should totally go
to the outer edge uh someone fell for
this I thought turmeric's holes for it
he did he did fine this time you should
totally go stand on the pink squares
don't listen to him it's got to be a
bait It's gotta be
flew all the way from Austria to lose
seconds 1v1 I think that sucks sucks how
are you feeling do you think you're
gonna win dude I'm feeling so confident
but at the same time I'm awfully low all
right server start spamming random
things oh this was so hectic here bro
avoid the bombs shock he literally
literally everything on Lightning bombs
pinball
I don't know how I won that dude I can't
believe this went from literally I'm not
kidding the first thing was about to
start and Jesse was in bed dude this is
insane I can't believe I want to build
one
[Music]
just wanted to give a big thanks to Mr
Beast for the opportunity it was a lot
of fun and just like the billboard says
boys don't forget to subscribe
